 Note : This announcement is only for students belonging to SC / ST and BC Adi Dravidar community only.



 The Alumnae Association of Stella Maris College comprises a 13,000 strong group of registered members, who are committed to supporting the mission and vision of the institution through involvement and participation in various activities. The affairs of the AASMC are directed by the Executive Committee comprising the President (Principal), Vice-President, Secretary and Treasurer. The AASMC aims to nurture a close and mutually beneficial relationship between former students and current members of the College community.

 History

 The Alumnae Association of Stella Maris College dates back to the initial years of the College, when the Old Students' Association (OSA) was formally inaugurated in August 1954. The credit for the renaming and revival of the OSA must go to Dr. Sr. Flavia Mariapragasam fmm, Vice Principal of the College and Vice President of the OSA, in 1994, during the tenure of Dr. Sr. Annamma Philip fmm, the Principal. It was under Sr. Flavia's stewardship that the OSA was renamed the Alumnae Association of Stella Maris College (AASMC) and began to play a key role in the Stella Maris
 Community. To Sister's credit goes the publication of the Stella Maris College Alumnae Directory of Life Members and the Newsletter of the AASMC. The Bengaluru and Kerala Chapters of the Association were established during her tenure.
 The Career Guidance Cell of the College is administered by Alumnae members on a voluntary basis. It is dedicated to providing quality training and career development programmes for the students of the College. The campus recruitment process in the College is handled by Alumnae members.
 16 | DEC | 2022 - NEW
 Dear Alumni, Registration to set up your stall for the Christmas Fete 2022 is now open!Registration Fee for stalls: Rs.3000/.
 For details, write to us at smcalumnae@stellamariscollege.edu.in or call: 89250 08264
 Embroidery workshop conducted by CIDT - Click Here
 Embroidery workshop conducted by CIDT - Click Here
 Celebrating My Alma Mater - Chennai Plus Online Blog

 View
 75th Jubilee Year Celebrations on Saturday, May 07, 2022 at 3.00 pm View

 Online Tamil Oratorical Competition Click Here to Watch the Video

